1. write a javascript program to check two numbers and return true if one of the number is less or if the sum of the two numbers is 100.

2.write a javascript program to get the extension of a filename.

3.Write a javascript program to replace every character in a agiven string with the character following it in the alphabet.

4.Write a javascript to get the current date.

5. Write a javascript program to create a new string adding "New!" in front of a given string. If the givem string begins with "New!" already then return the original string.

6. Write a JavaScript program to create a new string from a given string taking the first 3 characters and the last  3 characters of a string and adding them together. 
 string length must be 3 or more, if not, the original string is returned.

7. Write a Javascript Program to extract the first half of a string of even length.

8. Write a JavaScript program to concatenate two strings except their first character.

9. Given two values, Write a javascript program to find out which one is nearest to 100.

10. Write a Javascript program to check a givem string contains 2 to 4 occurrences of a specified characters.

11. Write a JavaScript program to find the number of even digits in a array of integers

12.  Write a JavaScript program to find the number of even values up to a given number.

13. Write a Javascript program to check whether a given array of integers is in ascending order.

14. Write a JavaScript program to get the largest even number from an array of intergers.

15. write a array to get the sum of positive numbers from an array of integers.integers can have negative values.

16. 16.Sum all the numbers of a given array, except the highest and the lowest element ( by value, not by index! ). return 0 if array is null,none or nothing.

17. Write a JavaScript Program to replace first digit in a string (should contains at least digit) with $ character.

18. Given a year, report if it is a leap year.

19. wap to compare two objects to determine if the first one contains the same properties as the second one (which may have additional properties)